I see who dares to move
Just because you want me to kneel
Don't pee and look at yourself
How is that possible?
Xiaofan, how dare you go against my words
Do you really want to die if he dares to hit me?
You just have a father who is a jelly
Otherwise what are you
You're killing me!
I'll give you 500,000
If I don't kill you today, I won't be called Sun Zhifei.
Since you dare to bully Young Master Sun
His father will never let you go.
Sun Shao, don't be afraid
I called my friend.
Will it be here soon?
Xiaobai
How are you?
Scar is an expert
One slap can kill you
The rubber bands are down
Brother Scar
Brother Scar, you are here
Brother Scar, Brother Scar's face is so bad
Xiaobai is dead
Xiaofan, Brother Scar is here, don't you kneel down?
You can ask him.
They're all dying and still pretending
I really treat myself like a green onion
Can you also order the package to be sent out?
Take his arms off first